the Audubon team always have to look
ahead while you might have plenty of
frozen embryos what happens if that
species becomes extinct there would be
no living animals to put them into the
answer is you have to find a surrogate
mom of a different species now this may
look like your average cat playing with
a peacock feather but this is jazz and
actually he is a very special cat he's a
unique cat
she's an to us why well he is a unique
cat he is an African wild cat but he was
actually born to a domestic cat cayenne
what we did was we took the sperm and
egg from two African wild cats we put
them together and created an embryo and
then we implanted it and domestic cat
and sixty days later gave birth to jazz
and African wild cat there's nothing in
him genetically or blood or nothing in a
thing he has calm African Wildcat just
incredible jazz is the first success
with the cat family
the Institut hope they'll soon produce
rare tiger cubs from comparatively
common lions of the eight kinds of tiger
three have become extinct in the last 50
years the race is on